README.md, before:

# unmrkd_Backend

## Date: 09/01/2022

### By: Timothy Mei

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/timothymei/)
- [unmrkd_Frontend](https://github.com/timothymei327/FinstaHam)
- [unmrkd_Backend](https://github.com/timothymei327/FinstaHam_backend)
---

### _Description_

This website is a public forum where users are able to anonymously create forums and post within them, as well as comment on existing posts as well. 

### _Technologies Used_

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- React
- Django
- Imgur API

### _Screenshots_

![Landing_Page](https://i.imgur.com/YBszQQF.png)
![Forum_List](https://i.imgur.com/jFYwevj.jpg)
![Forum_Details](https://i.imgur.com/7IdfiHf.jpg)

### _Getting Started_

#### Trello Board

[Trello](https://trello.com/b/y2PZS0xb/finstaham)

#### Entity Relationship Diagram

![ERD](https://i.imgur.com/54OUC60.png)

#### Component Heirarchy Diagram

![Component_Heriarchy_Diagram](https://i.imgur.com/L9UFU5s.png)

### _Future Updates_

- Search function utilizing hashtags and captions
- Loading icon and message on successful upload to Imgur API

Commit message:

updated backend screenshot and heroku links

README.md, after:

# unmrkd_Backend

## Date: 09/01/2022

### By: Timothy Mei

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/timothymei/)
- [unmrkd_Frontend](https://github.com/timothymei327/FinstaHam)
- [unmrkd_Backend](https://github.com/timothymei327/FinstaHam_backend)
---

### _Description_

This website is a public forum where users are able to anonymously create forums and post within them, as well as comment on existing posts as well.

- Deployed site: [unmrkd_Frontend](https://unmrkd.herokuapp.com/)
- Deployed site: [unmrkd_Backend](https://unmrkd-backend.herokuapp.com/)

### _Technologies Used_

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- React
- Django
- Imgur API

### _Screenshots_

![Deployed_Django_REST_API](https://i.imgur.com/UpQuvBM.png)

### _Getting Started_

#### Trello Board

[Trello](https://trello.com/b/y2PZS0xb/finstaham)

#### Entity Relationship Diagram

![ERD](https://i.imgur.com/54OUC60.png)

#### Component Heirarchy Diagram

![Component_Heriarchy_Diagram](https://i.imgur.com/L9UFU5s.png)

### _Future Updates_

- Search function utilizing hashtags and captions
- Loading icon and message on successful upload to Imgur API
